I"Ñ	<p>A question commonly asked when catching up with someone is ‚Äúwhat have you been up to recently?‚Äù and unfortunately I find that most people, myself included, have a difficult time consolidating their ‚Äúrecent‚Äù into a cohesive answer. Very often someone will only mention one or two substantial life events, sometimes nothing at all and you get hit with an MJ shrug.</p>

<p>I‚Äôve even asked people ‚Äúhow‚Äôs your day going?,‚Äù looking for some granularity in their response, trying to get into the nitty-gritty details and go beyond the high-level small talk. After a few strenuous moments of racking their brain, they sometimes eventually come up with an agenda-like response, something I personally always look forward to hearing. I think when someone opens up about who they are during the nuances of life, you get a more vivid image of who they are in contrast to their highlights (but that‚Äôs not the point of this article).</p>

<p>I started to realize that I struggled at remembering moments in my life and to me, it felt like having zero or even a faint recollection of those memories was equivalent to them not happening at all. Maybe it‚Äôs because we live in a time where we‚Äôre overstimulated with content, distractions, the need for efficiency, and the like. Of course, I remember the big moments‚Äîmy first kiss, receiving my university acceptance email, having my first ever panic attack after a calculus final, job interviews where I went to the wrong location (yes, this actually happened to me)‚Äîbecause it‚Äôs easy to remember the amazing moments, as well as the terrible ones. But what about the moments in between? The moments that are still good or bad but not that memorable. It‚Äôs impossible to remember everything but at the very minimum, I wanted to have a general sense of what I was doing, when it happened, who I was with, and where I was. I wanted to make my days matter by having some recollection of them.</p>

<p>My solution was simple: I‚Äôm going to write events in my Google calendar after they happen. Retroactively.
Essentially, my calendar was going to be a lighter version of a diary. I can‚Äôt tell you how I came to this solution but it made sense since it‚Äôs relatively easy to sync your Google calendar with other apps and devices. Plus I‚Äôve already succumbed to Big Brother errrr‚Ä¶ I mean Google, with all their apps I use. Why not a little more detail about my life?</p>
:ET